<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body class="z">
<div class="title">
<p class="p">Сноски</p>
</div>
<span id="id53"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">1</p>
</div><p class="p1">Redd, N. (2017) How Old is the Universe, Space.com, 8 June. <a class="a">https://www.space.com/24054-how-old-is-the-universe.html</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id52"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">2</p>
</div><p class="p1">Там же.</p></span>
<span id="id51"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">3</p>
</div><p class="p1">Zimmerman, K. &amp; Emspak, J. (2017) Internet History Timeline: ARPANET to the World Wide Web, Live Science, 27 June. <a class="a">https://www.livescience.com/20727-internet-history.html</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id50"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">4</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Merriam-Webster, определение Google. <a class="a">https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/google</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id49"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">5</p>
</div><p class="p1">Aune, S. (2010). Five Dot-Coms That Didn't Survive the Bubble, TechnoBuffalo, 25 January. <a class="a">https://www.technobuffalo.com/five-dot-coms-that-didnt-survive-the-bubble</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id48"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">6</p>
</div><p class="p1">Foote, K. (2016). A Brief History of the Internet of Things, Dataversity.net, 16 August. <a class="a">https://www.dataversity.net/brief-history-internet-things</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id47"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">7</p>
</div><p class="p1">Choudhury, A. R. and Mortleman, J. (2018). How IoT is Turning Rolls-Royce into a Data Fuelled Business, CIO, January. <a class="a">https://www.i-cio.com/innovation/internet-of-things/item/how-iot-is-turning-rolls-royce-into-a-data-fuelled-business</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id45"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">8</p>
</div><p class="p1">RTInsights Team (2016). How Rolls-Royce Maintains Jet Engines With the IoT, RT insights.com, 11 October. <a class="a">https://www.rtinsights.com/rolls-royce-jet-engine-maintenance-iot</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id42"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">9</p>
</div><p class="p1">Medical Device Network (2018). Bringing the Internet of Things to Healthcare, MedicalDevice-Network.com, 3 September. <a class="a">https://www.medicaldevice-network.com/comment/bringing-internet-things-healthcare</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id43"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">10</p>
</div><p class="p1">McLaughlin, M. (2018). How Data Analytics in Sports is Revolutionizing the Game, Biztechmagazine, 13 December. <a class="a">https://biztechmagazine.com/article/2018/12/how-data-analytics-revolutionizing-sports</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id40"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">11</p>
</div><p class="p1">Desjardins, J. (2019). How Much Data is Generated Each Day? World Economic Forum, 17 April. <a class="a">https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2019/04/how-much-data-is-generated-each-day-cf4bddf29f</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id38"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">12</p>
</div><p class="p1">Qlik (2018). How to Drive Data Literacy in the Enterprise. <a class="a">https://www.qlik.com/us/bi/data-literacy-report</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id36"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">13</p>
</div><p class="p1">Desjardins, J. (2019). How Much Data is Generated Each Day? World Economic Forum, 17 April. <a class="a">https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2019/04/how-much-data-is-generated-each-day-cf4bddf29f</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id34"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">14</p>
</div><p class="p1">Morris, T. (2020). How Much Data by 2025? [Blog], Microstrategy, 6 January. <a class="a">https://www.microstrategy.cn/us/resources/blog/bi-trends/how-much-data-by-2025</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id32"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">15</p>
</div><p class="p1">CIS Poly. History of Microsoft Excel. <a class="a">http://cis.poly.edu/~mleung/CS394/f06/week01/Excel_history.html</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id30"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">16</p>
</div><p class="p1">Olavsrud, T. (2016). Big Data and Analytics Spending to hit $187 Billion, CIO, 24 May. <a class="a">https://www.cio.com/article/3074238/big-data-and-analytics-spending-to-hit-187-billion.html</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id28"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">17</p>
</div><p class="p1">Lexico.com, определение Analytics. <a class="a">https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/analytics</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id26"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">18</p>
</div><p class="p1">Knight, M. (2019). The Importance of Data Literacy, Dataversity.net, 12 March. <a class="a">https://www.dataversity.net/the-importance-of-data-literacy</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id25"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">19</p>
</div><p class="p1">Lexico.com, определение Read. <a class="a">https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/read</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id22"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">20</p>
</div><p class="p1">Lexico.com, определение Work. <a class="a">https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/work</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id20"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">21</p>
</div><p class="p1">Goodreads.com, цитаты Марка Твена. <a class="a">https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/459791-work-and-play-are-words-used-to-describe-the-same</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id18"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">22</p>
</div><p class="p1">Lexico.com, определение Analysis. <a class="a">https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/analysis</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id16"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">23</p>
</div><p class="p1">Там же.</p></span>
<span id="id14"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">24</p>
</div><p class="p1">Lexico.com, определение Communicate. <a class="a">https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/communicate</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id12"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">25</p>
</div><p class="p1">Davenport, T. and Patil, D. J. (2012). Data Scientist: The Sexiest Job of the 21st Century, Harvard Business Review, October. <a class="a">https://hbr.org/2012/10/data-scientist-the-sexiest-job-of-the-21st-century</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id10"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">26</p>
</div><p class="p1">Violino, B. (2019). 6 Ways to Deal with the Great Data Scientist Shortage, CIO, 22 May. <a class="a">https://www.cio.com/article/3397137/6-ways-to-deal-with-the-great-data-scientist-shortage.html</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id8"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">27</p>
</div><p class="p1">Knight, M. (2017). What is Data Governance? Dataversity.net, 18 December. <a class="a">https://www.dataversity.net/what-is-data-governance</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id6"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">28</p>
</div><p class="p1">Kopanakis, J. 5 Real-World Examples of How Brands are Using Big Data Analytics [Blog], Mentionlytics. <a class="a">https://www.mentionlytics.com/blog/5-real-world-examples-of-how-brands-are-using-big-data-analytics</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id5"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">29</p>
</div><p class="p1">Suzor, T. (2019). The Future of the Fan Experience at the US Open [Blog], IBM, 27 August. <a class="a">https://www.ibm.com/blogs/watson/2019/08/the-future-of-the-fan-experience-at-the-us-open</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id2"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">30</p>
</div><p class="p1">Marr, B. Coca-Cola: Driving Success with AI and Big Data, Bernard Marr &amp; Co. <a class="a">https://www.bernardmarr.com/default.asp?contentID=1280</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id69"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">31</p>
</div><p class="p1">Kahn, Y. (2019). These Are the Top 10 Brands in the World in 2019. Facebook Isn't One of Them, Business Insider, 18 October. <a class="a">https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/interbrand-top-10-brands-in-the-world-2019-10-1028610273</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id67"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">32</p>
</div><p class="p1">U.S. Department of Agriculture, определение Data Dictionary. <a class="a">https://data.nal.usda.gov/data-dictionary-purpose</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id65"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">33</p>
</div><p class="p1">Rogers, S. (2013). John Snow's Data Journalism: The Cholera Map that Changed the World, The Guardian, 15 March. <a class="a">https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/mar/15/john-snow-cholera-map</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id63"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">34</p>
</div><p class="p1">Сильвер Н. Сигнал и шум: Почему одни прогнозы сбываются, а другие – нет. – М.: КоЛибри, 2021.</p></span>
<span id="id61"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">35</p>
</div><p class="p1">Hosten, M. (2017). Artificial Intelligence and Predictive Analytics in Sports: A Blessing for Some, a Nightmare for Others, We Are 4C, 4 September. <a class="a">https://weare4c.com/blog/2017-09-04-artificial-intelligence-and-predictive-analytics-in-sports-a-blessing-for-some-a-nightmare-for-others</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id59"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">36</p>
</div><p class="p1">Talend. What is Prescriptive Analytics? <a class="a">https://www.talend.com/resources/what-is-prescriptive-analytics</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id57"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">37</p>
</div><p class="p1">Greenstone, G. (2010). The History of Bloodletting, BC Medical Journal, January and February. <a class="a">https://bcmj.org/premise/history-bloodletting</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id55"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">38</p>
</div><p class="p1">Qlik. Data-Informed Decision-making Framework. <a class="a">https://learning.qlik.com/course/view.php?id=1021</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id54"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">39</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Merriam-Webster, определение Iteration. <a class="a">https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/iteration</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id46"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">40</p>
</div><p class="p1">Henke, N., Levin, J., McInerney, P. (2018). Analytics Translator: The New Must-Have Role, McKinsey, 1 February. <a class="a">https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/mckinsey-analytics/our-insights/analytics-translator</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id44"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">41</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Vocabulary.com, определение Curiosity. <a class="a">https://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/curiosity</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id41"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">42</p>
</div><p class="p1">Quote Investigator. <a class="a">https://quoteinvestigator.com/2013/04/06/fish-climb</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id39"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">43</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Dictionary.com, определение Creativity. <a class="a">https://www.dictionary.com/browse/creativity</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id37"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">44</p>
</div><p class="p1">Там же.</p></span>
<span id="id35"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">45</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Dictionary.com, определение Critical Thinking. <a class="a">https://www.dictionary.com/browse/critical-thinking</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id33"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">46</p>
</div><p class="p1">Саган К. Э. Мир, полный демонов: Наука – как свеча во тьме. – М.: Альпина нон-фикшн, 2019.</p></span>
<span id="id31"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">47</p>
</div><p class="p1">Саган К. Э. Мир, полный демонов: Наука – как свеча во тьме. – М.: Альпина нон-фикшн, 2019.</p></span>
<span id="id29"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">48</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Dictionary.com, определение Critical Thinking. <a class="a">https://www.dictionary.com/browse/critical-thinking</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id27"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">49</p>
</div><p class="p1">Qlik. Data-Informed Decision-Making Framework. <a class="a">https://learning.qlik.com/course/view.php?id=1021</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id24"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">50</p>
</div><p class="p1">Jenkins, B. (2019). 25 Bizarre News Headlines You Won't Believe Are Actually Real. Liveabout.com, 11 March. <a class="a">https://www.liveabout.com/bizarre-news-headlines-4147212</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id23"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">51</p>
</div><p class="p1">Renz, T. (2018). 25 Crazy news Headlines Around The World That Actually Happened in 2018, Thetravel.com, 25 December. <a class="a">https://www.thetravel.com/crazy-news-headlines-around-the-world-that-actually-happened-in-2018</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id21"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">52</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Merriam-Webster, определение Integrate. <a class="a">https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/integrate</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id19"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">53</p>
</div><p class="p1">Terrance, S. (undated). What is Statistical Bias and Why is it so Important in Data Science? Towards Data Science, 18 February. <a class="a">https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-statistical-bias-and-why-is-it-so-important-in-data-science-80e02bf7a88d</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id17"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">54</p>
</div><p class="p1">Stanghini, J. (2015). The Most Common Biases in Business Decisions. Business2Community, 19 June. <a class="a">https://www.business2community.com/strategy/the-most-common-biases-in-business-decisions-01255194</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id15"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">55</p>
</div><p class="p1">Memory (2020). 8 Types of Bias in Decision-making [Blog], 3 January. <a class="a">https://memory.ai/timely-blog/8-types-of-bias-in-decision-making</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id13"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">56</p>
</div><p class="p1">Ruth, A. (2015). Thomas Edison – 10,000 Ways That Won't Work [Blog], Due, 22 July. <a class="a">https://due.com/blog/thomas-edison-10000-ways-that-wont-work</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id11"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">57</p>
</div><p class="p1">Frankenfield, J. (2019). Business Intelligence – BI, Investopedia, 23 June. <a class="a">https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/business-intelligence-bi.asp</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id9"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">58</p>
</div><p class="p1">Adams, R. L. (2017). 10 Powerful Examples of Artificial Intelligence In Use Today, Forbes, 10 January. <a class="a">https://www.forbes.com/sites/robertadams/2017/01/10/10-powerful-examples-of-artificial-intelligence-in-use-today</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id7"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">59</p>
</div><p class="p1">Словарь Merriam-Webster, определение Algorithm. <a class="a">https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/algorithm</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id4"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">60</p>
</div><p class="p1">Hao, K. (2018). What is Machine Learning? Technology Review, 17 November. <a class="a">https://www.technologyreview.com/2018/11/17/103781/what-is-machine-learning-we-drew-you-another-flowchart</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id3"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">61</p>
</div><p class="p1">Frankenfield, J. (2020). Machine Learning, Investopedia, 31 August. <a class="a">https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/machine-learning.asp</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id1"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">62</p>
</div><p class="p1">Oracle. What is Big Data? <a class="a">https://www.oracle.com/big-data/what-is-big-data.html</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id68"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">63</p>
</div><p class="p1">Logianalytics. What is Embedded Analytics? <a class="a">https://www.logianalytics.com/definitiveguidetoembedded/what-is-embedded-analytics</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id66"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">64</p>
</div><p class="p1">Software Advisory Services. Why Move to the Cloud? 12 Benefits of Cloud Computing in 2019, Software Advisory Services. <a class="a">https://www.softwareadvisoryservice.com/en/blog/why-move-to-the-cloud-12-benefits-of-cloud-computing-in-2019</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id64"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">65</p>
</div><p class="p1">Ismail, K. (2018). What is Edge Analytics? CMS Wire, 14 August. <a class="a">https://www.cmswire.com/analytics/what-is-edge-analytics</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id62"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">66</p>
</div><p class="p1">Morrow, J. (2020). The Future of Data and Analytics, Qlik, 10 July. <a class="a">https://blog.qlik.com/the-future-of-data-and-analytics</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id60"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">67</p>
</div><p class="p1">Clear, J. Deliberate Practice: What It Is and How to Use It. James Clear. <a class="a">https://jamesclear.com/deliberate-practice-theory</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id58"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">68</p>
</div><p class="p1">Morrow, J. (2020) Reactive vs Proactive Analytics – Shape the Future, Qlik, 16 April. <a class="a">https://blog.qlik.com/reactive-vs-proactive-analytics-shape-the-future</a>.</p></span>
<span id="id56"><div class="title1">
<p class="p">69</p>
</div><p class="p1">Forbes Quotes. <a class="a">https://www.forbes.com/quotes/5870</a>.</p></span>
</body>
</html>
